Is that your song?
Ooh.
Sound saucy.
I have a question. So like if you guys could have your own radio station play on the radio.
like what genre or genres of music would you
recommend the DJ's mix up.
like...
Yeah. I have his.. I have one of his albums on my playtunes.
They don't know about him.
I really like Keith Green's lyrics because he's like
kind of out there in your face like he's unapologetic.
uh total like
you know he'd probably get cancelled in a heartbeat because of how
You know, but he has some really solid songs.
Um... But when you're saying gospel, I was thinking like... Franklin.
You know, all of like, like, like black gospel music, you know?
Gosh, there's so many.
Who who's the one who seems to sing bread a lot?
Every time I hear that song, me and my sister would cry because it goes like...
all the names that they call them but like if the end is like Jesus Jesus that's when we cry.
It's good. So good.
Yeah.
mmh
Okay.
Venues.
Oh, wow.
mmh
I wonder about his concerts, like at the end he gives like an altar call or something.
because
or or some kind of information out there because you have a captive audience.
Like you can totally, even people who...
you know maybe 90% of the people be like
You know, we're here for the music, but that 10%
can get to like actually even be curious like
Okay, I want to research this more. I want to look into this and... but...
He's packing out the biggest venue, that's for him.
That's pretty cool.
to draw?
mmh
Oh.